MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Maximilian J. Zangs

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

This package also includes dynamic libraries for OpenDSS. OpenDSS is Copyright
(c) 2008-2015, Electric Power Research Institute, Inc. It is published under a
three-clause BSD license. See here:

http://sourceforge.net/p/electricdss/code/HEAD/tree/trunk/License.txt
http://sourceforge.net/p/electricdss/code/HEAD/tree/trunk/

This package also includes dynamic libraries for KLUSolve.
KLUSolve 1.0 is Copyright (c) 2008, EnerNex Corporation. It is published under
the LGPL, version 2.1 or later. For code and license information,
see the following:

http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/
http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/License.txt

KLUSolve contains open-source copyrighted code as follows. These are also
released under the LGPL, version 2.1 or later.

KLU Version 1.0, May 31, 2007, by Timothy A. Davis and Ekanathan Palamadai.
Copyright (C) 2004-2007, University of Florida.

http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/KLU/

CSparse: a Concise Sparse Matrix package. Version 2.2.0, Copyright (c)
2006-2007, Timothy A. Davis, Mar 31, 2007.

http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/CSparse/
http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/CSparse/Doc/License.txt

AMD Version 2.2, Copyright (c) 2007 by Timothy A. Davis, Patrick R. Amestoy,
and Iain S. Duff.

http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/AMD/

BTF Version 1.0, May 31, 2007, by Timothy A. Davis Copyright (C) 2004-2007,
University of Florida

http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/BTF/

CZSparse, Copyright (c) 2008, EnerNex Corporation.

http://sourceforge.net/p/klusolve/code/HEAD/tree/CZSparse/
